what I am Nita he's me Joshy
what I believe
Greg I thought ninja what are the
differences between white and black
ninjas Wow greg you really know how to
ask the hard-hitting questions that the
world needs answers or at least the
small portion of the world that makes up
the nerd in jizz that watch this show
love you guys doesn't matter i am going
at this with the fury of a thousand San
spewing desert bears film then dois it
was an episode just like any other
episode well that's not entirely true it
was raining outside raining fire which
isn't too uncommon for this part of
ninja town but it was enough to make me
throw a couple extra sure kids in the
old jacket when I got down to my office
which is actually more like a little
underground lair hidden away from
everything I found an eviction notice
from my land troll but it was kind of a
game that we played between each other
where he'd give me a viction notice I
try and kill him we go back and forth
basically it was all good fun but I got
right to my question answering I was
right in the middle of telling people
how the appendix is not only used by
ninjas but it's one of our most deadly
internal organs when she walked in the
door I knew right away that she was
nothing but trouble mostly from the
screaming and the seeding and the name
tag that said hello my name is trouble
incarnate as much as she scared the
bejeebers out of me I have to admit she
had legs despair about 14 I counted 14 8
arachnid for hooved and drew human yeah
that's that's about 14 the rest of the
appendages were something that we're
kind of like tentacles but also kind of
like hair let's call him he Raquel's but
all I know is if you cut them back they
grew back bigger and meaner kind of like
Kirstie Alley point is it did not matter
how much I kept counting those legs I
was getting pinched by the doctor said
before she had one thing around my neck
that she's trying to tear my arms out
and like shove him into the ceiling fan
that was made out of these big elephant
bone knives I mean I felt like a coolish
dollar sandwich between two Hoover
chickens honestly that's no war speak
that doesn't that doesn't really mean
anything point is she was trouble but me
in trouble I've always had two things in
common we love a challenge and we hate
to be alone on Tuesdays but we don't
even get to see him fighting trouble
this is why old movies suck you left out
most important part hmm oh right of
course right but before I did that I
defeated trouble with my pint size which
are like regular size except when you
chop off regenerating limbs they grow
back smaller than they were before and
then you know what her whole attitude
change turned out to be a pretty cool
gal we hung out that's the afternoon and
then I just killed her and went home and
that pretty much wrapped up the case of
the hot buttered appendix well it looks
like the big differences are that white
and black ninjas don't make any sense
and they cut out huge exciting fight
sequences thanks for the question Greg
why don't you come up and kill me
sometimes hey yeah
forget it you know that's it I am
starting a new film school it's called
any film before 1983 is probably
irrelevant except for jaws I like jaws I
think that was a pretty good one too 143
everybody just followed me punch
somebody in the booty doing the DVD
punch somebody in the booty doing the
DVD bunch of money in the booty
washington d be d